I think let's the description of the 3 d max interface in this video
Launch max and view from left
Front view
Left view
Perspective view and 4 views for each are displayed
this
View is activated when you click 6
In the lower right of the screen
If you press a mark that is obviously going to get bigger, it gets bigger
You can 1 in screen size from 2013
To
Also to the left it is not just the lower right
Or layout 1 screen of the screen
In the form
You can switch
What
Broadly speaking, max
menu
Where the editing function is required , tools and groups
Where to create peep
Next time axis
Next control panel
There is something called
If the menu such as land to go one by one description
Important place
It can be called
Speaking
Oh, if you want to create a polygon model
It is a standard primitive form from creation to standard primitive
box i
In the form of
You can access from the menu and
Of the control panel of Thira
One is
The child of has become the creation panel, but this one becomes
What I made now when I get into the correction modifier
Or
now
Although it is selected
The parameter can be scattered 7 floors
For example
In this box
When we want to buy reference point
The better of here right
Forwarding
Four Tenno influence
Move this danger as a reference point
If you uncheck the impact of danger
This box moves from here
Can than it is in the control panel that tilts from here
Ne
It is this time axis, but time axis is once
It will be easy to understand if you switch to auto key mode
For example
From 0/100 to say by moving and hit the slider 100/100
Moving
1 Because it is time
M
The time axis is by moving the slider here to move as if your mind is struck
Besides being able to compose
I will change the track and kilometer a little
It is not so to say that this one time axis goes only to 100/100 today
Time settings
End time
When you think about it, this
It is a panel of the timeline time axis
Can be increased
If I go back to the menu again
When you say that I was saved at last is work done this new now
What place your viewing
From the mark of max
Give name and name
You can save as a name by pressing
With woman constant
Save in shape
Closing outside max
Returned to the desktop and saved earlier
max file
test. max
I'll try to open up again lately
From all programs
autodesk
Thread blown Auto Racing 3 s max 2013 ciao
launched max
I will call it
There are a few ways to open files, for example
Black androp
Open the file with
But
I'm fine
It's just a file
I will try to open this time politely
Reset max once
Do you really want to reset
It is new in this in the form of
Open from the icon mark of max
1 max
It opens in the form of
doing
In the shape of
Enter the aircraft
I was able to be interesting
In this way the menu bar Ha
Save files and
Read
Is also able to